Add simple Ruby client example (#19)
apache/arrow-experiments: http/get_simple/ruby/client/README.md

  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.
-->

# HTTP GET Arrow Data: Simple Ruby Client Example

This directory contains a minimal example of an HTTP client implemented in Ruby.

The client:

1. Sends an HTTP GET request to a server.
2. Receives an HTTP 200 response from the server, converts the response to a RecordBatchReader, and consumes it.
3. Sends a second HTTP GET request to a server.
with the response body containing an Arrow IPC stream of record batches.

> 4. Streams the response, creating and printing record batches as it goes

Author: ```suggestion
4. Streams the response, creating and printing record batches as it goes.
```

> 2. Receives an HTTP 200 response from the server, converts the response to a RecordBatchReader, and consumes it.
> 3. Sends a second HTTP GET request to a server.
> with the response body containing an Arrow IPC stream of record batches.
> 4. Streams the response, creating and printing record batches as it goes.

Reviewer: Updated this to match the current example. We should keep this simple; it's just meant to describe what happens at the highest level, not exactly how it's wired up.
```suggestion
2. Receives an HTTP 200 response from the server, with the response body containing an Arrow IPC stream of record batches.
3. Creates an Arrow table from the record batches.
```
